---------

title: 2026-03-19
date: 2026-03-19
type: journal
tags:

---------
Today has started far better than any day in recent memory. I woke up early, made some oats with protein powder, peanut butter, and dark chocolate for breakfast and had a cup of tea. I got dressed without overthinking, and put together an outfit that I genuinely really like, not trying to recreate anything or consciously looking a certain way or fitting a specific aesthetic. I felt comfortable and confident in what I chose to wear. I left the house early and walked to work, no headphones, just some time to self-reflect and meditate as I walked from Camden to Bermondsey, past Euston and Holborn and St Paul's Cathedral. The whole time, I was just so at peace. I had a cigarette and a filter coffee on my walk, enjoyed the early spring sunshine, and just sort of let myself think in a free form kind of way. I spent a lot of time thinking about what I worked on yesterday; my [[Project - 6 Months to be Unrecognisable]] and how I can reflect and plan in a way that is constructive for my own creative processes rather than adhering to someone else's templated way to experience self-growth. I would really like to, at some point, be able to share about how I have managed to achieve such a monumental sense of peace and satisfaction with my life in such a short amount of time, and to try to help others do the same. It's very very hard to be lost, and I would like to be able to offer my own personal map - an individual human topography. 

Focus today will be more honed in on work, but I will find time to research something or maybe spend some time putting my thoughts from this morning's walk and meditation into a physical/digital record. 