---------

title: Wait a Second... Who Are You?
date: 2026-04-02
type: essay
tags:

---------

The problem with wanting to be smartest, funniest, sexiest, most interesting and stylish person in the room is it detracts from your ability to enjoy being in a room full of smart, funny, sexy, interesting and stylish people. The more we add to this imaginary idea of our ideal self, the more adjectives we pile onto the way we want to be perceived, the less is left of us. Picture, as clearly as you can in your mind, a blade-less knife with no handle. Do you see how the more words I add, the less is there for you to picture? I am describing an object into nothingness, which I think we may be guilty of doing to ourselves, and to our sense of ourselves by proxy. The idea is hardly a philosophical breakthrough - Christian scientists have spent lifetimes wondering about the idea of nothingness; the idea of describing or explaining something with so much detail that it begins to contradict itself, until the original idea described becomes nothing at all. Now, with this in mind, when you're not the smartest, funniest, sexiest, most interesting and fashionable person in a room... *who are you?* What's left after you strip away imaginary accolades, other than the ambition to achieve them?

There's a common assumption that knowing and understanding yourself on a deeper, more thoughtful level - through journalling, meditation, manifesting - is paramount to living a happier, more fulfilled life. I agree with this, to some extent. I journal every day, I meditate, I practise [[Shadow Work]], I make vision boards ([[A Mood Board of a Beautiful Life]]), and I feel that these things do, indeed, help me understand something about who I am. But as you get better at introspection, navel-gazing, whatever you want to call it, the more you make the self an object of attention, reinforcing the narrating self. To aspire for more is to acknowledge that you are, currently, less. The idea of constantly working on yourself requires a level of self consciousness, and sets you on a hedonic treadmill upon which the better version of you is always just out of reach. The principle of the treadmill is essentially the observed tendency of humans to quickly return to a relatively stable level of happiness despite major positive or negative life events or changes. As we achieve goals or acquire possessions, initial spikes in joy fade, leading us to seek more in a continuous cycle. So, we want to become more intelligent, so we read and we learn, but then our baseline intelligence becomes how intelligent we currently are, so the goal of becoming a more intelligent person is ever out of reach. 

I've noticed that when I stop paying so much attention to what I am and instead give that attention to something external - the architecture of the beautiful old buildings on my walk to work, a piece of art in a gallery, a piece of art in my sketchbook, an engaging conversation - I turn into this other version of myself. I feel free from inhibitions and free from judgement, I am in touch with the emotions that this external influence can conjure in me. This also isn't limited to the positive; have you ever felt more yourself when angry? Or been so sad that the thought of how red and snotty your face looks when you sob doesn't even cross your mind? Experiencing anything without performance, in those fleeting moments, connects me to the self as a subject rather than as an object. Everything I learn about myself in these moments is less like a fact about me and more like a taste. I have long held the misguided belief that by suppressing myself and giving myself over to others, it will somehow deplete me or dilute who I am, when in fact in the times that I can fully, organically attune to someone or something else, I also attune to myself. It creates this deeper connection, even though I am momentarily irrelevant. 

