It's been a minute since I contributed to my daily diary. I've been really overwhelmed recently. So much so, in fact, that I took today off work. 

I cried a lot over the weekend and did very little else, if I'm being honest. I should have spent the time better, but I didn't, and it's done now. There's no point beating myself up about it. I had a difficult conversation with Cam today, which felt awful, but needed to happen. Everything does now feel lighter, which is good.

I want to do some writing at work tomorrow (bad behaviour, I know, but my job just isn't all that stimulating most of the time and I wish I could do more. Wish, wish, wish, shut up and make it happen then, oh my god), maybe some research or dictation of an interesting video. 

I bought myself some silly trinkets, which have made me feel a little at odds with myself. It's strange because I want to be this fashionable, minimalist, chic woman, but I love being a little girl in my twenties. I got two ridiculous key chains, one a Monchhichi and one a My Little Pony Skull Panda (I got Fluttershy) and they both make me so happy, but I don't want to be seen like that. It's so strange that in my desperation to be cool and normal I will deprive myself of joy. Maybe that's the biggest problem in my life - I don't ever seem to want to let myself be happy. Such a crux. I like to think it's a common one, at least. I want to be cool, I want to feel cool, and sexy and interesting and important and intelligent, but I need to find a way to let myself be happy as well. I have this idea of the tortured intellectual in my head, and because I am both deeply sad and also an intellectual, this has become a sort of aesthetic marker to drive for. But who the fuck said that intellectuals are sad? Is it some kind of ignorance-is-bliss-knowledge-is-a-burden self martyrdom? Probably. It definitely is harder to be intelligent. I know I sound like literally the worst, most conceited individual in the world when I say that, but it's true. Knowing how big and scary the world can be is truly difficult. Questioning everything constantly is difficult. The pressure I put on myself to do more and be more and know more is difficult. But why should that deprive me of happiness? Why can't I be happy and childlike - literally what is more childlike than curiosity? I think I was a very old soul as a child, but now as an adult I just feel overgrown. I want to be comforted, and what I find comfort in is silly cartoons, pastel colours, a good fantasy book, a video game with insanely deep lore that I can spend hours upon hours looking into. I don't think any of that is really so wrong. 

