I walked to work again and felt great about it. A lady told me that I look beautiful, and I told her that she did too. It was quite a grey morning, which is a rather unfortunate departure from the Spring that had sprung last week, but the way that cloud cover reflects from the tall glass buildings in central London still manages to inspire awe in me, and the white of St Paul's Cathedral is almost at its best when set against a grey sky. I got a particularly tasty coffee from the Pret on Strand, and my cigarette lasted me all the way from Euston to Holborn. The Thames was high when I got to Tower Bridge, and there was a swan curled into itself floating next to the footbridge at Jamaica Wharf. I took a few minutes to watch it bobbing around on the water. It was just so beautiful and tranquil. 

I arrived at work early and ready for a productive day. My initial task was completed before the work day really started, allowing me some time to write this daily note and to begin to plan today's research.

Last night, I had dinner with my dad. It was melancholic, as it always is. I do miss him very much, and I love him, but every time we meet there is so much to talk about and so little time to discuss it all. We hardly speak aside from these annual meetings. His friend's daughter was murdered by her father over the New Year, which was harrowing to hear about and made further conversation a little difficult, which feels like a very selfish view of that information. I was so upset by it, I found the rest of the evening quite hard to enjoy. He didn't look particularly well. 