

It's Monday morning and I'm neglecting my work to watch a video about discipline and attractiveness. I've actually sort of already done my work, but I'm using this morning to grow as a person on company time. 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/N9usfc7wQvU?si=YuSXBfV4PNUnPcad" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

"having a nice body is the most unspoken flex you can have. it's a silent way to display certain character traits. it reveals a lot about a person's character - it shows that someone is able to be consistent and to work hard. people think that having a rolex is going to make people respect you, but being physically fit demands a certain respect that money can't buy"

Is it vain to want to have a nice body? Is it egotistical? I'm not sure. But whenever I reflect on ego, I think about it as a fundamental part of being a person - the ego is a synonym for the self, so I think that to try and separate entirely from the concept of ego is removing a part of the human condition or experience. I think that maybe 'having an ego' is seen as a bad thing because we're not supposed to have a true level of self-respect. We're not supposed to think we're hot and sexy and intelligent and funny and charismatic, because that stops us having to buy things to make us take on those attributes. Maybe the ego is dismissed because it is an antithesis to consumerist culture. Discipline makes you credible, it makes you realised and closer to wholeness or oneness or whatever the right term is. That makes it harder to sell you the idea that this new trending product will make you love yourself, will make you appear smarter. The ego allows you to know that you are all of these things without needing the external validation that material goods can bring. 

I think about Rick Owens whenever I think about the relationship between discipline, the body, and creativity. **Working out is modern couture**. He's so right. **No outfit will make you look as having a fit body**. Ding ding ding. 

It's human nature to want to stay away from someone who seeks comfort and the easy way out. It makes someone a liability. You're not a safe person to be with if you prioritise your own comfort above everything. People assess how you will treat them by watching how you treat yourself. I've treated myself badly for so long that it makes people think it's okay to treat me badly themselves, and when I think about the way I carry myself through life, I think if I can be more disciplined and get more in tune with my ego then people will understand that I have standards for myself and will treat me accordingly.

Achievement is attractive, in every sense of the word. It invokes respect as it's a reflection of the knowledge, drive, skills, and humility you have. To push your body and mind to a limit is commendable. It also makes you a 'deeper' person. More well-rounded and more of a true individual. It brings you closer to your truest self. Plus, it's always nice to feel proud of yourself. Instead of focusing on achieving specific goals, maybe just focus on achieving as a whole. What have I done today? What have I achieved on this micro level today? The future is so far away, and you won't get there unless you fucking move, yknow?

Discipline also allows you to find character traits. Instead of trying to reverse engineer personality and suggest attributes of myself, I need to start just taking affirmative actions to become someone who does those things - I need to know who I am and what I do and what I'm capable of in order to project a version of me. Plus, not showing up for myself and looking after myself is bad for my self esteem. I'm basically telling myself that I'm incapable or unworthy of these things, or I'm unreliable when it comes to looking out for number one. My relationship with myself needs some work. Like RuPaul said **how are you gonna love somebody else if you can't love yourself**

I did some research on [[Shadow Work]] to broaden my understanding of esoteric knowledge, which felt useful for thinking more about discipline and what it means to love yourself. It includes loving all of the 'ugly' parts of who you are, and rather than detaching them from negativity, embracing them as attributes and understanding that your interpretation of them as negative is ultimately meaningless. I've been embarrassed about going to the gym, but it's only embarrassing because I have applied that to it, and the longer I believe my shameful thoughts about my body and fitness, the more effort it will take to stop them surfacing. **You make the life you have.**

