---------

title: 2026-03-17
date: 2026-03-17
type: journal
tags:

---------
Today's personal growth focus is **curation.** I want to curate my life rather than just copy others, chasing fulfilment and character development in a futile way. There are three essential rules to follow when it comes to curating life:

- Don't copy, build.
- Find the beauty in the obscure and unusual 
- Does it make you feel something?

Following these rules should help you find what makes you tick - what sparks joy and inspiration versus sparking jealousy or simply aspiring to align yourself with a certain object, aesthetic, or behaviour because of a belief that it will better align you with a lifestyle being sought. This should help with the para-social attachments we hold with people online, both of celebrity status and of algorithmic significance. 

Possibly the first step is to stop trying to achieve aesthetic cohesion in all aspects of life. This creates a shallowness to existence. The idea that everything about you has to make sense to other people, to be readable and signal tribe to others (see [[Literally Who Even Am I Anymore?]]) by a predetermined set of material goods and metaphysical aspects of yourself (yoga, pilates, book-worm-ism, underground rap music etc etc) flattens your personality to a series of collectables. It narrows your field of vision and potential to find things that interest you and bring wholeness to your life. 

###### **Don't Copy, Build**

Let's role play for a second. You have this pair of ballet flats that you've had forever and used to love a few years ago, but never reach for them anymore. You head over to Pinterest-dot-com and search for 'ballet flat outfits'. Since the algorithm has a good idea of the things you tend to click on, it knows that you're into an 'edgier' look, and you're fed infinite pictures of Gabriette in skinny jeans, a black baby tee, and some ballet flats. You save it to your outfit inspo board, and a few days later you pull some skinny jeans and a baby tee from your wardrobe (or worse, head over to asos to stock up on 'essentials'), pair them with your beloved ballet flats, and it looks *fine* but something about it feels a little off. Why though? You've copied the outfit exactly and it looks so good on her, so why doesn't it feel right when it's on you? 

It's because you're wearing a Gabriette costume. 

What made you like that outfit to begin with? Do you like the clothes, or the person in them, or the connotations of personality that the clothes carry? All you really know is that you wanted to wear your flats and you think Gabriette looked good in that picture. There's not actually much depth there. There's nothing inherently wrong about dressing without depth, but when trying to find a personal style or live in a more curated way, adopting characteristics of another person (or perceived type of person) muddies the waters of the self. It blocks you from finding the things you like, because you're occupied with trying to obtain things that the aspirational version of yourself *should* like, according to what the algorithm shows you. 

Clothes are a way of storytelling, not just about who you are to everyone else, but they are a powerful tool to change the narrative of your own life by embracing an emotional state and projecting it outwards. When you choose to wear something because it makes you feel powerful, other people can feel that radiating from you. Curation of apparel is an exercise in becoming, and when you flatten that out to simply 'this looked cool on someone else', others can feel that too. That's where this idea of inauthenticity comes from (see [[Copium - On Addiction & Fatigue]]) - even if a repressed part of you believes that you're collecting and copying a series of things that don't actually feel reflective of your own personal tastes, that doubt is tangible to other people. An outfit is what you make of it; it's down to you to decide whether you're embodying or cosplaying. 

This isn't to say that there is nothing good that can come from copying. It can help you make realisations about certain colours, proportions, materials. By embracing the aspirational and curious nature of copying, we can begin to build formulas that help us express ourselves emotionally. Think of it like using tracing as a tool to help you learn how to draw. It's useful for getting that muscle memory for where certain features go on the face, it can help you correct mistakes that you just couldn't figure out on your own. Guidance is always useful, and to suggest otherwise is to believe yourself a master. The problem in this metaphor arises when you solely rely on tracing. After a while, the muscle memory you've built will only kick in when there is an image to trace, and your own artistic ability will begin to diminish. You cannot begin to really have your own style of artwork, something that makes it truly yours rather than simply a recreation, without beginning to alter the details, and eventually not relying on tracing at all. 

Finding inspiration online is great. Copying outfits is a good start, but it's all meaningless if you don't take time to experiment and acknowledge how different aspects of various objects make you feel. When you find the things that make you feel some type of way (clean, put together, professional) and you can identify the qualities and characteristics you currently or aspirationally embody, you can begin to curate a life that makes you feel deeply, and become more emotionally attached to material goods. That's what curation is.

###### Curation is the experience of emotional attachment to the material. This is true across all forms - art curation, closet curation. It's about applying emotional states to something physically tangible, extending the reach of metaphysical tangibility

Curating is, in my belief, a lost art of humanity. It is something so deeply ingrained within us, and yet the advent of social media, the advancement of the concept of aura or social capital, and the rise of accessible comparison material has kind of made us relinquish this aspect of our lives. 

###### Find the beauty in the obscure & unusual


