---------

title: 2026-03-21
date: 2026-03-21
type: journal
tags:

---------
It was a really lovely sunny morning, and I was grateful to wake up to the sun already shining. The view from our patio doors is so gorgeous, I spend the first few minutes of every day just staring out in almost disbelief that this place is mine, that I live here. I hope to live here for many years to come. Cam wasn't working until this afternoon, so we had tiramisu hot cross buns for breakfast and talked in bed for a while. We decided to make the most of the weather and go for a walk along the lock - we were hoping to see some houseboats go through the lock passage gates, and were not disappointed. We have discussed the possibility of living in a house boat one day, when our theoretical children have flown the metaphorical nest. It would be lovely to be tethered to hardly anything at all, to have freedom like that. I like the idea of it.

Cam went off to work so I went for a walk to central London. I got lost on the way as I decided to turn off the main road to go and look at a particularly beautiful brutalist block of flats, and then just *had* to follow signs towards the Charles Dickens museum (which was very disappointing as it turned out to just be his house, I have a memory of being incredibly let down by the similar format of the Sherlock Holmes museum, which to its credit, is indeed at 221b Baker Street. This is its only redeeming quality). I went into a corner shop to get a cherry Red Bull and ask for directions, but it turns out I was nowhere near where I thought I was, so I did my classic London navigation trick - find a main road and walk along it until you find a tube station. I eventually found Chancery Lane, and from there knew how to get to Fleet Street and Strand, so could continue my walk towards Tottenham Court Road from there. I picked up some toner for my skin and pink hair dye on the way to Foyles, and I got myself a new copy of Wuthering Heights since mine seems to have been lost. I think I had to throw it away at the old flat, when Alex's cat used to piss behind the bookcase and ruined my Oxford Classics. There was something quite nice about buying a new version of the exact thing I used to have. It gave me confidence in my own taste, that I should buy something so long ago and years later feel compelled to buy the exact same thing again. Maybe in this case, it's just the residuals of my childhood ambition to attend Oxford university to study something important, and I have formed a mental link between things of emotional importance x intellectual pursuits x Oxford. Either way, I had an awkward but kind of endearing conversation with the cashier and didn't feel particularly clever after that. Neither of us will remember the conversation in a few days.

I decided to make a sort of Anglo-Francais version of a cottage pie for dinner, but with chunks of steak rather than mince. It has beef and oxtail, a standard mirepoix, petit pois, porcini mushrooms, dijon, white wine (didn't have any red), rosemary and mint from my garden, and loads of truffle. It's covered with mashed potatoes made with double cream, tonnes of butter, egg yolk, more mustard, and cheddar, and I'm going to serve it with miso honey mustard sprouts, leeks, and cavollo nero. I also have a coffee variant of a sticky toffee pudding and gelato to match for dessert. I feel very lucky to have all of this available to me. Good food and a long walk have always been things that remind me that life truly is worth living. The most animal behaviours really are the ones that ground me the most. I want to eat and travel and sleep and fuck and not have a single care in the world beyond what i can eat and fuck, and where I will travel and sleep tomorrow. Maybe the things I would describe as hedonistic aren't really that at all, rather the simple fulfilling of animal desires. 

I think I would have made a good biologist. Or doctor. Or historian. I have been toying with the idea of going back to university. Or being a chef.