---------

title: 2026-03-20
date: 2026-03-20
type: journal
tags:

---------
I walked to work again this morning, and I went to the gym last night. I spent yesterday on the most productive high I've experienced in quite a while - I was just desperate to get things done and to get them done properly. I produced an insane volume of work yesterday, and although the feedback today wasn't as I'd hoped (classic case of the performative blue-sky thinker founder with no actual desire to make lemonade from the lemons we're handed), I still feel accomplished. It was a test of my problem solving skills, my resilience, and my concentration, as well as pushing my ability to comprehend really complex business concepts (including the theoretical) to a new limit. 

I have a lot to do today, but I'd still like to find some time for research, analysis, and writing that leans toward my own interests. It's been very helpful in keeping my brain fresh. I did some project planning, foundational soul-searching and [[Shadow Work]] yesterday. It's so useful to apply things like mathematical logic to these more spiritual practices, or at least it is for me. Using Venn diagrams and Boolean searches to organise lists of attractive vs unattractive attributes of the person, it's given me a really nice clear map of what I want to do. Honestly, the level to which this way of thinking has positively impacted my life in such a short period of time has made me once again consider content creation in order to possibly help others who find themselves in a similar position to my own; therapy wasn't working, I had no motivation to do anything, my entire life felt stagnant and although I was so incredibly desperate to move, in literally any direction, I genuinely couldn't will myself to. I felt like everything was happening *to* me, that I had no control over anything. It was like being stuck in tar. But beginning to detach myself from shame and fear has helped so much. I would love for this method and message to reach anyone who needs to hear it. 

My plan for today, aside from carrying on with my real, paid work, is to spend some more time on the [[Project - 6 Months to be Unrecognisable]] document, laying some more ground work and giving myself some more concrete plans. 