---------

title: Horizontal for Attention, Virtual For Results - On Digital Self Harm
date: 2026-04-02
type: essay
tags:

---------

I'm decidedly too old to be cutting myself. I have actually been decidedly too old for that since I was eighteen and felt it was childish of me to be breaking apart pencil sharpeners in my university's communal art room and sweating through hoodies in unventilated October mugginess. But that doesn't mean that the urge to inflict pain has necessarily gone away, instead it's just changed form. This isn't exclusive to me. I have seen and heard about people putting themselves in all kinds of risky scenarios, from unprotected sex with total strangers to spontaneous trips abroad with no hotel booked and a dubious plan to just sleep on the beach. But the most common form of adulthood self-harm, and the kind I have frequently indulged in myself, is handheld and entirely contained within 9:16 ratio - like everyone else on social media right now, I too have come to the conclusion that social media is indeed bad for mental health.

I started to write this within ten minutes of paying actual real life money for a looksmaxxing facial analysis (5.2 PSL, 8.1 Decile, Stacylite, thanks for asking). This is not the first time I have done this, and it is also not the first time I have been genuinely upset by the results. Every time I start to feel my self-esteem drop, I ashamedly make a fresh email and use the handy one-time-use feature of my debit card provider to establish a new premium account on Face IQ Labs, and after uploading a front facing and profile image of myself, read over a report of everything that's wrong with the way that I look. I use the surgery visualiser to apply all of the changes that the robot thinks I should make to myself to 'ascend' to my potential attractiveness level of a True Stacy or even a low-tier Giga-Stacy should I have rhinoplasty, forehead reduction, and chin filler. I do this until I feel truly, *truly* terrible about my own appearance. I have spent my entire life being made to feel incredibly ugly, yet according to incels-dot-com (real website), someone of my decile rating should have an estimated minimum of 30 sexual partners before marriage and men should be willing to spend significant sums of money to remain in a relationship with me. I am, however, a lesbian who has struck no such gold on the sexual front, so what is actually wrong with me? Mathematically I am attractive (source: incels.com, information up for dispute due to nature of source), so am I really just that unbearable to be around? Is it something about who I am as a person? What's wrong with me? Time to go on TikTok and watch 90 second videos of people who are definitely not psychologists tell me why I am being cheated on until I can't bear the stress of that anymore, and turn to Instagram so I can see pictures of beautiful thin people in very expensive places.

This is digital self-harm - utilising the internet to consciously or subconsciously inspire feelings of worthlessness within ourselves. Opening the stupid clock app is the newer, fresher, sexier, more conspicuous version of opening up a communal art room pencil sharpener. Safe from the looming threat of a well-meaning parent or ill-meaning-and-orange classmate asking you to roll up your sleeves, you're free to scroll to your heart's content. The difference is that tiny razors don't have million-dollar algorithms that realise you're willing to consume harmful content until you hate yourself and then be sold a solution, available through the link in my bio. Tiny razors don't have shareholders that benefit from your misuse of them. The internet does, and it wants to keep misusing it. 